multi language open tasks (#2315)
jplag/JPlag: languages/multi-language/README.md

# Multi-Language module

This module allows parsing multiple languages in one run of JPlag. The parsing will be delegated to a different language-module per file.

> This does not allow comparing code from different languages, but it can be used to compare multiple languages in the same run.

Reviewer: Let's be even more precise here to avoid confusion. I suggest this:
"This does not entail comparing implementations of the same functionality in different languages to each other, but allows comparing submissions that use more than one language."

> This module allows parsing multiple languages in one run of JPlag. The parsing will be delegated to a different language-module per file.
> 
> This does not entail comparing implementations of the same functionality in different languages to each other, but allows comparing submissions that use more than one language each.
> 
> By default, all supported languages (except text) are parsed. This can be changed by specifying the language modules to use with the --languages parameter: `java -jar jplag.jar <root folder> multi --languages <firstLanguage>,<secondLanguage>,...`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This module allows submissions to be compared with files in multiple programming languages. The parsing will be delegated to a different language module per file extension.

This does not entail comparing implementations of the same functionality in different languages to each other, but allows comparing submissions that use more than one language each.

By default, all supported languages (except text) are parsed. This can be changed by specifying the language modules to use with the `--languages` parameter: `java -jar jplag.jar <root folder> multi --languages <firstLanguage>,<secondLanguage>,...`
```
